you came here for the rent so let me
unveil that for
you this is just something that I've
wanted to talk about for quite some
time for those of you who are informed
and I know many of you are you may get
into conversations
with people not on here because I
believe that we are generally likeminded
here on the channel I'm talking about
acquaintances co-workers friends
family and you get involved in these
conversations with these individuals
and sometimes it's it's just simply hard
to deal with you know I found myself
many times talking to
people and they're not even listening I
mean they're really not even
listening really skimming over the top
of
everything I mean they might have caught
a few words that I've said but
ultimately not listening to
me
and I always Choose Wisely what I say I
always get into
the you know based on my
audience if I'm talking to an
80-year-old grandmother I'm not going to
talk about
cryptocurrencies and their value if I
don't think she's has any interest in
that
now I'm I'm always paying attention to
that I won't get into much depth with
somebody if I don't know they can't
handle it so I do believe that I'm
giving um statements
conversations based on you know who I'm
talking to so you're talking to people
and I just find that they're not
listening and I really mean this their
people are just not listening I don't
know if it's just me I wanted to bring
that out there ask you the same you
know people are asking about what's
happening and with the sports scores and
everything else and I'm just I'm not
informed about that I'll be quite Frank
I am absolutely not informed about any
sports or anything like that at this
time just not involved in it so I really
can't conduct a conversation like that
but if you want to talk about financial
situation Health situation anything else
I absolutely will share what I know
based on my audience and we can have a
good uh back and forth banter but I find
that people simply um they're not ready
to get into the details of anything at
all and it's it's really sad it's really
sad to see that um because I'm I'm
getting a little uh concerned as time
goes on where we get into worse and
worse conditions yet people aren't
really willing to learn I mean the most
basic of
information just an example comes to my
head right now your the value of your
money it's declining over time we can't
see that because the bill itself still
says $1 bill or $100 bill whatever and
ultimately that used to buy you a lot
more today it's not the case we can see
that with our own eyes we know that
there is a devaluation occurring we
don't need to see statistics we don't
need to be intelligent in any way I mean
you just look at the currency what did
this buy you a 100 years ago what did it
buy you 50 years ago 10 years ago and so
forth you can tell very very quickly and
rapidly exactly what going on and people
just they don't even want to talk about
anything anything of substance anything
of value and it's sad to see that really
is I'm just I'm really disappointed
about that but what gives me a lot
of it's re a really good sign to me that
I can come here I can make videos and
thousands and thousands of people want
to know what information I have to say
and that gives me a lot of Hope gives me
this desire to continue to make videos
to continue to write books create all of
these things that I'm creating I've
talked about recently in the future here
and I hope that this does continue for a
long period of time because this is my
only way to share information is by
creating videos you know you read
something you're so excited about it you
want to tell people and they don't give
it
them so what do you do you write a book
you make a YouTube channel and 37,000 or
so people
later you know you've done some good